src/pages/msfs/utils/stkp.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# SimToolkitPro

[SimToolkitPro](https://navigraph.com/products/navigation-data) is free and is most commonly used for logging your flights, an EFB, or for streaming tools.

This works for multiple simulators, and it also has an AppImage that you can use to run STKP natively.

## Installation

You can just download STKP from [here](https://simtoolkitpro.co.uk/download). If you want the simplest installation,
you can opt for using STKP through Wine.

However, if you want to use the native Linux version with MSFS, there is a bit of tinkering that you would have to do,
which is what this installation guide is for.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  This method of capturing MSFS data into a STKP instance that is running in
  native Linux is unsupported and do not ask for support regarding this.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Medium
</Callout>

<Steps>

### Install STKP SimConnect Server

You will need to download the server from the download page, or directly from
[here](https://simtoolkitpro.co.uk/download/get/server).

Then open up the archive and extract `Microsoft.FlightSimulator.SimConnect.dll` and `SimConnectServer.exe` into a folder
inside your MSFS `compdata`. For example, I extracted it to:

```
PATH/TO/COMPDATA/1250140/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/STKPServer
```

This should be enough to run in Proton manually with:

```shell copy
protontricks -c "wine C:/users/steamuser/STKPServer/SimConnectServer.exe" 1250410
```

### (Optional) Launch Server when Sim starts

To make life easier, I have added an entry in MSFS's `exe.xml` to automatically launch the server when the Simulator
starts.

To do this, edit the `exe.xml` file in `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator` (**make a backup first**) and add:

```xml filename="exe.xml" copy
<Launch.Addon>
  <Name>STKP Server</Name>
  <Disabled>False</Disabled>
  <Path>C:\users\steamuser\STKPServer\SimConnectServer.exe</Path>
  <CommandLine>-min</CommandLine>
</Launch.Addon>
```

- Edit the `<Path>` to where your `SimConnectServer.exe` is located inside your `compdata`.
- Remove `<CommandLine>-min</CommandLine>` if you don't want the SimConnect Server to start minimised.

### Enable Network Mode in STKP

You will need to enable Network Mode in Settings > MS Flight Simulator, in STKP.

Once you have this enabled, MSFS should be detected from your native Linux version of STKP!

</Steps>

## Updating AIRAC

Updating your AIRAC in STKP requires a Navigraph subscription.

Make sure STKP is closed before you start.

Download the Linux AIRAC for SimToolkitPro [here](https://navigraph.com/downloads).

Extract the contents into `~/Documents/SimToolkitPro`.

Now you can start up STKP and you should see that your AIRAC should be up to date!

Commit message:

feat(stkp): add instructions to install SimConnect

src/pages/msfs/utils/stkp.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# SimToolkitPro

[SimToolkitPro](https://navigraph.com/products/navigation-data) is free and is most commonly used for logging your flights, an EFB, or for streaming tools.

This works for multiple simulators, and it also has an AppImage that you can use to run STKP natively.

## Installation

You can just download STKP from [here](https://simtoolkitpro.co.uk/download). If you want the simplest installation,
you can opt for using STKP through Wine.

However, if you want to use the native Linux version with MSFS, there is a bit of tinkering that you would have to do,
which is what this installation guide is for.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  This method of capturing MSFS data into a STKP instance that is running in
  native Linux is unsupported and do not ask for support regarding this.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Medium
</Callout>

<Steps>

### Install STKP SimConnect Server

You will need to download the server from the download page, or directly from
[here](https://simtoolkitpro.co.uk/download/get/server).

#### Install SimConnect

Open up the downloaded archive, where the SimConnect installer, `SimConnect.msi`, should be provided, and extract it
for it to be run.

Run the installer in Protontricks, and proceed to setting up STKP SimConnect Server.

This is required to allow STKP SimConnect Server to connect to the flight simulator.

#### Set up STKP SimConnect Server

In the downloaded archive, extract `Microsoft.FlightSimulator.SimConnect.dll` and `SimConnectServer.exe` into a folder
inside your MSFS `compdata`. For example, I extracted it to:

```
PATH/TO/COMPDATA/1250140/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/STKPServer
```

This should be enough to run in Proton manually with:

```shell copy
protontricks -c "wine C:/users/steamuser/STKPServer/SimConnectServer.exe" 1250410
```

### (Optional) Launch Server when Sim starts

To make life easier, I have added an entry in MSFS's `exe.xml` to automatically launch the server when the Simulator
starts.

To do this, edit the `exe.xml` file in `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator` (**make a backup first**) and add:

```xml filename="exe.xml" copy
<Launch.Addon>
  <Name>STKP Server</Name>
  <Disabled>False</Disabled>
  <Path>C:\users\steamuser\STKPServer\SimConnectServer.exe</Path>
  <CommandLine>-min</CommandLine>
</Launch.Addon>
```

- Edit the `<Path>` to where your `SimConnectServer.exe` is located inside your `compdata`.
- Remove `<CommandLine>-min</CommandLine>` if you don't want the SimConnect Server to start minimised.

### Enable Network Mode in STKP

You will need to enable Network Mode in Settings > MS Flight Simulator, in STKP.

Once you have this enabled, MSFS should be detected from your native Linux version of STKP!

</Steps>

## Updating AIRAC

Updating your AIRAC in STKP requires a Navigraph subscription.

Make sure STKP is closed before you start.

Download the Linux AIRAC for SimToolkitPro [here](https://navigraph.com/downloads).

Extract the contents into `~/Documents/SimToolkitPro`.

Now you can start up STKP and you should see that your AIRAC should be up to date!
