src/pages/msfs/utils/vatsim.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# VATSIM

[VATSIM](https://vatsim.net/) is a realistic online multiplayer network for all a variety of simulator.

This guide covers setting up a VATSIM client with [swift](https://swift-project.org/) (as vPilot does not run in Proton)
and model matching from [FSLiveTrafficLiveries](https://fslivetrafficliveries.com/).

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  These software/addons are only supported on Windows for MSFS, even though this
  has been able to run on Linux, there is no guarantee that this will work later
  down the line. Do not expect support as this setup is not officially supported
  on Linux.
</Callout>

## Installation

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Medium
</Callout>

<Steps>

### Installing Model Matching

I use FSLTL for model matching. It should be a relatively simple install, only problem is that the FBW installer does not
work in Proton, so you will have to manually download and install the models. This does not cover installing the injector.

To download FSLTL, you should clone the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/FSLiveTrafficLiveries/base). You can
download this from GitHub directly `Code > Download Zip`, but it is faster to use git.

```shell copy
git clone git@github.com:FSLiveTrafficLiveries/base.git
```

Once you have cloned this, move the `fsltl-traffic-base` directory to your `Community` folder in MSFS. You can also delete
the leftovers from the cloned repository now.

### Installing swift

Download the Windows installer from their [GitHub repository](https://github.com/swift-project/pilotclient/releases/latest)
and run the installer through [Protontricks](/msfs/protontricks).

The configuration wizard should launch automatically.

Accept the terms.

Click on next in the `Data loading` page.

Click on skip in the `Copy models` and `Copy settings and caches` page.

In the `Simulator` page, under `Setup of each individual simulator`:

1. Simulator: FSX
2. Simulator directory: set the directory to `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator`
3. Model directories: `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Community` and `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Official`

Then click next.

In the `First model set` page, make sure FSX is selected in `Simulator` and `Distributions`, then under `Models`:

1. Models: reload
2. Under `Distributions`, select `FSLTL`, and then back under `Models`, click create next to Model set.

Then your model should have been created, make sure to click on save, then click next.

Skip the XPlane setup (as this will only run for MSFS)

Configure your hotkeys, you'd at least need one for push to talk. Then click Finish.

You should now be able to connect to VATSIM! The next steps are to
[create a .desktop file](#optional-create-a-desktop-entry-for-swift-in-proton) for convenience, or setting
up a [separate Linux swift client](#optional-installing-swift-on-linux) to connect to the Windows swift client.
There may not be much of a benefit for doing so, but you do get to use a native Linux client. If you are not interested
in any of this, just skip to [testing swift](#testing-swift).

### (Optional) Create a Desktop Entry for swift in Proton

Creating a [desktop entry](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html)
should make opening the swift client easier as you will not have to find the location manually each time.

These files will go into `~/.local/share/applications/`, but you can create multiple directories inside it to make it
easier to manage your custom Desktop Entries that you manually created. For example on my system, I stored this entry
under

```
~/.local/share/applications/wine/Programs/swift/
```

Create a Desktop Entry inside a location specified above, with a text editor of your choice. The name of the file is
irrelevant as long as it has the `.desktop` extension.

When creating the `.desktop` file, make sure that the directory is correct for the swift version you have installed.

```desktop copy filename="swiftlauncher.desktop"
[Desktop Entry]
Name=Swift Launcher (Proton)
Exec=protontricks -c "wine C:/Program\\ Files/swift-0.12-64bit/bin/swiftlauncher.exe" 1250410
Type=Application
StartupNotify=true
Categories=Game;Simulation;
```

Then make sure to update the database for desktop entries by running this command in the terminal

```shell copy
update-desktop-database ~/.local/share/applications
```

You should now be able to find the Swift Launcher in your Desktop Environment's application launcher.

### (Optional) Installing swift on Linux

### Testing swift

If you haven't used VATSIM before, you should read up on the
[guides](https://vatsim.net/docs/basics/getting-started), but if not, you can join as an observer at a busy airport,
with ATC preferably ([map for convenience](https://map.vatsim.net/)), and hopefully you should hear ATC and

</Steps>

Commit message:

feat(docs): add potential problems for VATSIM

src/pages/msfs/utils/vatsim.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# VATSIM

[VATSIM](https://vatsim.net/) is a realistic online multiplayer network for all a variety of simulator.

This guide covers setting up a VATSIM client with [swift](https://swift-project.org/) (as vPilot does not run in Proton)
and model matching from [FSLiveTrafficLiveries](https://fslivetrafficliveries.com/).

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  These software/addons are only supported on Windows for MSFS, even though this
  has been able to run on Linux, there is no guarantee that this will work later
  down the line. Do not expect support as this setup is not officially supported
  on Linux.
</Callout>

## Installation

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Medium
</Callout>

<Steps>

### Installing Model Matching

I use FSLTL for model matching. It should be a relatively simple install, only problem is that the FBW installer does not
work in Proton, so you will have to manually download and install the models. This does not cover installing the injector.

To download FSLTL, you should clone the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/FSLiveTrafficLiveries/base). You can
download this from GitHub directly `Code > Download Zip`, but it is faster to use git.

```shell copy
git clone git@github.com:FSLiveTrafficLiveries/base.git
```

Once you have cloned this, move the `fsltl-traffic-base` directory to your `Community` folder in MSFS. You can also delete
the leftovers from the cloned repository now.

### Installing swift

Download the Windows installer from their [GitHub repository](https://github.com/swift-project/pilotclient/releases/latest)
and run the installer through [Protontricks](/msfs/protontricks).

The configuration wizard should launch automatically.

Accept the terms.

Click on next in the `Data loading` page.

Click on skip in the `Copy models` and `Copy settings and caches` page.

In the `Simulator` page, under `Setup of each individual simulator`:

1. Simulator: FSX
2. Simulator directory: set the directory to `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator`
3. Model directories: `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Community` and `%appdata%/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Official`

Then click next.

In the `First model set` page, make sure FSX is selected in `Simulator` and `Distributions`, then under `Models`:

1. Models: reload
2. Under `Distributions`, select `FSLTL`, and then back under `Models`, click create next to Model set.

Then your model should have been created, make sure to click on save, then click next.

Skip the XPlane setup (as this will only run for MSFS)

Configure your hotkeys, you'd at least need one for push to talk. Then click Finish.

You should now be able to connect to VATSIM! The next steps are to
[create a .desktop file](#optional-create-a-desktop-entry-for-swift-in-proton) for convenience, or setting
up a [separate Linux swift client](#optional-installing-swift-on-linux) to connect to the Windows swift client.
There may not be much of a benefit for doing so, but you do get to use a native Linux client. If you are not interested
in any of this, just skip to [testing swift](#testing-swift).

### (Optional) Create a Desktop Entry for swift in Proton

Creating a [desktop entry](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html)
should make opening the swift client easier as you will not have to find the location manually each time.

These files will go into `~/.local/share/applications/`, but you can create multiple directories inside it to make it
easier to manage your custom Desktop Entries that you manually created. For example on my system, I stored this entry
under

```
~/.local/share/applications/wine/Programs/swift/
```

Create a Desktop Entry inside a location specified above, with a text editor of your choice. The name of the file is
irrelevant as long as it has the `.desktop` extension.

When creating the `.desktop` file, make sure that the directory is correct for the swift version you have installed.

```desktop copy filename="swiftlauncher.desktop"
[Desktop Entry]
Name=Swift Launcher (Proton)
Exec=protontricks -c "wine C:/Program\\ Files/swift-0.12-64bit/bin/swiftlauncher.exe" 1250410
Type=Application
StartupNotify=true
Categories=Game;Simulation;
```

Then make sure to update the database for desktop entries by running this command in the terminal

```shell copy
update-desktop-database ~/.local/share/applications
```

You should now be able to find the Swift Launcher in your Desktop Environment's application launcher.

### (Optional) Installing swift on Linux

This step may be completely unnecessary, but you may want to complete this step if you don't like interacting with Wine
programs directly as it may feel like you're playing Jenga. This step may have an extra performance hit, as you will
still need to run the Proton version of swift, whilst running the Linux version of swift.

Download the Linux installer from their [GitHub repository](https://github.com/swift-project/pilotclient/releases/latest)
and once it has downloaded, run the installer.

You may want to keep X-Plane selected if you run X-Plane on Linux, but you may also want to use
[xPilot](https://docs.xpilot-project.org/) separately if you use

### Testing swift

If you haven't used VATSIM before, you should read up on the
[guides](https://vatsim.net/docs/basics/getting-started), but if not, you can join as an observer at a busy airport,
with ATC preferably ([map for convenience](https://map.vatsim.net/)), and hopefully you should hear ATC and see
correctly model matched traffic at the airport.

If it is all good, you should have set up swift and model matching correctly, and you can fly on VATSIM now!

</Steps>

## Problems

### Simulator's Squawk Mode C does not reflect on swift

This has only been tested on the PMDG 737 so far, but when you put TCAS to TR/TA, swift does not register that as
Squawk C.

To work around this problem, make sure to set Squawk C manually on the swift client when you set your TCAS
to TR/TA.
