src/pages/msfs/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020

This is currently the latest release of Flight Simulator from Microsoft, which has been made for Windows only.

## Running Flight Simulator

Flight Simulator has been able to run with Proton (it works for me on Proton 8.0), which means the only way
to run this game would be to buy it on
[Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1250410/Microsoft_Flight_Simulator_40th_Anniversary_Edition/) as the
Microsoft Store does not work on Linux.

<Callout type="error" emoji="⚠️">
  Do **NOT** change Proton versions or Verify Game Integrity once you have
  downloaded the entire game from the simulator as this can cause you to lose
  everything you have downloaded/installed for the simulator! Make sure to make
  backups of the `compdata` for Flight Simulator if this is absolutely
  necessary.
</Callout>

### Configuring

Some tinkering may also be required to run this game. You can find other people's fixes on
[ProtonDB](https://www.protondb.com/app/1250410) if you run into problems launching the game.

[Launch options](https://help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/7D01-D2DD-D75E-2955) may be needed for this game to start.
This one below is what works for me:

```
-FastLaunch
```

Even if this launch option is not required, this would be useful as it skips the intro video at the beginning.

## Installing Addons

Most of the time, installing addons should be pretty straight forward, unless there is an installer involved.

The addons bought from the store in-game should be able to be installed easily and work out of the box.

### Drag and Drop Installations

Some addons, most commonly freeware where you download it outside of Flight Simulator, are a simple drag and drop
into the `Community` Folder, which is stored in `compdata` (folder to store Wine/Proton configs/data for each game) >
`1250410` (Flight Simulator's game ID on Steam).

For example, this is the directory to the `Community` Folder if Flight Simulator is installed in the default location:

```
~/.steam/steam/steamapps/compatdata/1250410/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/AppData/Roaming/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Community/
```

The equivalent version of this on Windows is:

```
C:\users\steamuser\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft Flight Simulator\Packages\Community\
```

### Executable Installers

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Dealing with developer's installers is usually requires more tinkering and
  therefore you may need more advanced knowledge on Windows and Linux (alongside
  the Desktop Environment you're using)!
</Callout>

If you buy addons directly from a developer, it will be likely that you will be given an installer that is an
executable. These installers cannot be directly run with Wine as this will not use with Wine prefix for Flight
Simulator.

To make using executable installers easier, you should install
[Protontricks](https://github.com/Matoking/protontricks#readme) as this will allow you to run installers under
Flight Simulator's Wine prefix.

Some Desktop Environments will be able to run the file directly in Protontricks if you can right-click the installer
and open it with `Protontricks Launcher` and then select `Microsoft Flight Simulator` as the Wine prefix.

If you do not have the option to run Protontricks Launcher, you'll have to manually run it in the terminal with

```
protontricks 1250410 --gui
```

Then ignore the warnings, click Ok on `Select the default wineprefix`, then select `Run explorer`, which will pop up a
window for Flight Simulator's Wine directory, where you'll need to navigate through Linux's directory (with the drive
that has `/`), where you can find the executable and run it.

This is also useful if you want to run certain applications installed later down the line inside `compdata`, or you can
find the uninstallers in the Protontricks GUI.

Commit message:

feat(docs): improve and separate guide for Protontricks

src/pages/msfs/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020

This is currently the latest release of Flight Simulator from Microsoft, which has been made for Windows only.

## Running Flight Simulator

Flight Simulator has been able to run with Proton (it works for me on Proton 8.0), which means the only way
to run this game would be to buy it on
[Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1250410/Microsoft_Flight_Simulator_40th_Anniversary_Edition/) as the
Microsoft Store does not work on Linux.

<Callout type="error" emoji="⚠️">
  Do **NOT** change Proton versions or Verify Game Integrity once you have
  downloaded the entire game from the simulator as this can cause you to lose
  everything you have downloaded/installed for the simulator! Make sure to make
  backups of the `compdata` for Flight Simulator if this is absolutely
  necessary.
</Callout>

### Configuring

Some tinkering may also be required to run this game. You can find other people's fixes on
[ProtonDB](https://www.protondb.com/app/1250410) if you run into problems launching the game.

[Launch options](https://help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/7D01-D2DD-D75E-2955) may be needed for this game to start.
This one below is what works for me:

```
-FastLaunch
```

Even if this launch option is not required, this would be useful as it skips the intro video at the beginning.

## Installing Addons

Most of the time, installing addons should be pretty straight forward, unless there is an installer involved.

The addons bought from the store in-game should be able to be installed easily and work out of the box.

### Drag and Drop Installations

Some addons, most commonly freeware where you download it outside of Flight Simulator, are a simple drag and drop
into the `Community` Folder, which is stored in `compdata` (folder to store Wine/Proton configs/data for each game) >
`1250410` (Flight Simulator's game ID on Steam).

For example, this is the directory to the `Community` Folder if Flight Simulator is installed in the default location:

```
~/.steam/steam/steamapps/compatdata/1250410/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/AppData/Roaming/Microsoft Flight Simulator/Packages/Community/
```

The equivalent version of this on Windows is:

```
C:\users\steamuser\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft Flight Simulator\Packages\Community\
```

### Executable Installers

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Dealing with developer's installers is usually requires more tinkering and
  therefore you may need more advanced knowledge on Windows and Linux (alongside
  the Desktop Environment you're using)!
</Callout>

If you buy addons directly from a developer, it will be likely that you will be given an installer that is an
executable. These installers cannot be directly run with Wine as this will not use with Wine prefix for Flight
Simulator.

The easiest way to deal with these installer is to use Protontricks, where you can follow the guide
[here](msfs/protontricks) on how to use it.
