src/pages/msfs/sdk/core-installer.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# SDK Core Install

The Flight Simulator SDK is an essential part for scenery developers within the Flight Simulator space.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Make sure to follow the installation setup in order as you may not install in the correct location.
</Callout>

## Installation

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Easy
</Callout>

This installation guide is for installing the MSFS Core SDK, this can be used for other SDK Installers like the Samples and Documentation Installers.
<Steps>

### Run the installer

Download the installer and then run it normally via [Protontricks Launcher](/msfs/protontricks).

Click on the `Microsoft Flight Simulator: 1250410` option, then press OK.

Click on `Next`, then agree to the EULA, after you should be shown this screen:

![](/core-sdk/customSetupInitial.png)

Click on `Browse`, if Folder Name shows as `C:\MSFS SDK\` then click on `OK`. After it should be like this:

![](/core-sdk/customSetupFinal.png)

After you can click on `Next`, then click on `Install` then click on `Finish`.

Once the installer has completed, the Flight Simulator SDK will be installed.
</Steps>

Commit message:

Adds the part to create the folder

src/pages/msfs/sdk/core-installer.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# SDK Core Install

The Flight Simulator SDK is an essential part for scenery developers within the Flight Simulator space.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Make sure to follow the installation setup in order as you may not install in the correct location.
</Callout>

## Installation

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  **Difficulty:** Easy
</Callout>

This installation guide is for installing the MSFS Core SDK, this can be used for other SDK Installers like the Samples and Documentation Installers.
<Steps>

### Creating the SDK Folder

We first need to create the MSFS SDK folder on the "C: Drive". To do this run the following command:

```
mkdir '<your drive>/SteamLibrary/steamapps/compatdata/1250410/pfx/drive_c/MSFS SDK'
```

### Run the installer

Download the installer and then run it normally via [Protontricks Launcher](/msfs/protontricks).

Click on the `Microsoft Flight Simulator: 1250410` option, then press OK.

Click on `Next`, then agree to the EULA, after you should be shown this screen:

![](/core-sdk/customSetupInitial.png)

Click on `Browse`, if Folder Name shows as `C:\MSFS SDK\` then click on `OK`. After it should be like this:

![](/core-sdk/customSetupFinal.png)

After you can click on `Next`, then click on `Install` then click on `Finish`.

Once the installer has completed, the Flight Simulator SDK will be installed.
</Steps>
